>> It was just a happenstance, a
synchronistic meeting that I am
forever delighted that I had.
I was just about to eat lunch
one day at this conference
and there was a kiosk in the
middle of the hallway where
I was putting mayonnaise
on a sandwich,
and somebody happened to reach
over me putting mayonnaise
on her sandwich.
Of course, I looked around
to see who was there,
and she looked at me as I did
a double take, and she said,
what?
Like why are you
looking at me that way?
And I said, because, I hope you
don't mind my saying this but,
you remind me of a hybrid,
and she smiled and she said,
I am a hybrid.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> My name is Barbara
Lamb, and I am a long term
psychotherapist.
I've been a licensed
psychotherapist since 1976,
and then by 1991,
people started coming
to me wanting to know about some
of the very unusual experiences
they had been
having, experiences
with unusual beings appearing
in their bedrooms at night,
or appearing somewhere
else during the daytime,
or unusual crafts, usually
circular or disk-shaped crafts,
following them in a car, and
then the car motor stopping,
and then little beings
would come to the car
and open the doors, even if
they're locked in the car,
and then take the
person away for a while.
We call that an abduction.
So over the years, I have
had the great privilege
of regressing almost 2,000
individuals separately
to their encounters with
extraterrestrial beings.
It may have been happening for
millennia, for all we know,
but it certainly has been
happening in the 20th century,
and now in the 21st century.
The people all
over the world are
being encountered with by
these extraterrestrial beings.
So the typical
thing is that when
a person has a visit from
an extraterrestrial being
or maybe two or
three beings, they
are put into a state of
non-awareness and the inability
to move.
People do not like that.
That usually is quite
frightening for them,
or sometimes the person
will simply be aware,
first of all, of
waking up and there
is one of those unusual
beings standing there
in the room with them
right near the bed.
Now when this is happening, the
person very often feels that
they cannot move, almost as
if they've been paralyzed.
They might be able to move
their eyes or maybe their heads,
but that seems to be about all.
They also find that they cannot
call out for anybody else who
might be nearby, and even if
there is a sleeping partner
in the same bed.
That partner always seems to
be what we call switched off,
and that means the partner
seems to be so deeply
asleep that they can't be
awakened by the person who is
about to have this encounter.
And very quickly, it seems
like they are often levitated,
lifted up, right from
the bed, sometimes right
through the wall with
the other being or beings
and into a craft.
And then it seems like the
craft moves much further away
so as not to be seen by
other people in the area.
So that is the typical
beginning of an encounter
or what many people
call abductions.
Now in these experiences
onboard the craft,
so many different
kinds of things
happen to various people.
As I said, these beings
of different types
all seem to have their own
agenda for coming and taking
this particular person.
These encounters usually last--
could be a half an
hour, could be an hour,
or could be two hours.
Once in a while even longer
than that, and then the person
is floated back down to
Earth and returned usually
to the place that they
were removed from.
So it's a very mysterious
process that happens,
and we are hearing
more and more about it
as more and more experiencers
of this phenomenon
are coming forward and
feeling a little bit more
free, a little bit
more comfortable
in telling other people
about these encounters
that they have had.
It has been a
fascinating journey.
I have learned so
much, and I have
grown hugely in my
awareness of the cosmos,
not only the planets and
the stars and the galaxies,
but the beings living on some of
those stars and planets in some
of those galaxies.
Because many different
types of extraterrestrials
seem to be involved in
our program of coming here
to planet Earth, they may
very well go to other planets
for all I know, but
we do know that they
do come frequently
to planet Earth
and to visit certain people.
Not all people get visited
by extraterrestrials,
but many people do.
It's been estimated by polls
that 8 million Americans are
affected by these
extraterrestrial encounters.
And then, as I
said, the phenomenon
is going on all over
the world, so there
are many more millions
of people who are having
extraterrestrial contacts.
There are many, many
different species
of what we refer to as
extraterrestrial beings.
They come from many different
planets, as far as we can tell.
There are quite
a few species who
have participated in this
hybridization project
with the hybrids whom I
know and meet the hybrids.
For instance, we have
human-like races,
like some of the Nordic looking
races and the Pleadian races,
and they are very high in
intelligence and morality
and even in spirituality.
So those hybrids right
from the beginning
could pass much more easily
as humans here on Earth.
In great contrast to that,
we have little gray aliens,
and they are more known for
doing examinations of people
and even dissecting
tissue samples of people
and creating hybrids.
Sometimes those beings are said
to come from Zeta Reticuli.
Reptilian beings,
we're sort of surprised
that they can combine
reproductively
because they're
reptile types, but they
do combine genetically
with human beings,
and those hybrids are
sort of unusual looking.
They may look quite
human in a way,
and yet they have the
unusual skin and unusual eyes
that the reptilian has.
And some of the reptilian
beings are very benevolent, very
kind hearted actually
wonderful beings that we
would be pleased to know.
And there was a species
called Blue Arturians, who
are beautiful, tall,
slender, blue beings,
and they have no hair.
They have beautiful
faces that in some ways
we could say are very
similar to human faces,
but obviously,
they're not humans,
and they are very spiritually
advanced, benevolent,
kindly beings.
And then there are the mantis
beings, very, very tall beings.
They're often seen to
be 8 feet tall sometimes
9 feet or 10 feet tall,
like huge, tall insects
with great big wrap around
eyes and very narrow chins.
Sometimes are referred to
as insectoids and etherent
beings who are not
even densely physical,
as we are, but are definitely
really intelligent,
high spiritual beings.
So these beings have contributed
genetics to these hybrids
and have frequent
visits with them.
With all the different
kinds of procedures
that the extraterrestrials
do, including
some very positive things
that they do with people,
in many cases, such
as healing the person
and teaching the
person healing skills,
so they can heal others
back here on Earth,
as they teach them telepathic
skills and teleportation
skills.
So many children
are put into what
seems like a classroom type
of setting onboard the craft,
and they have extraterrestrial
adults there and sometimes,
extraterrestrial
children with them
and other human
abducted children.
And all of those
human children are
taught how to move
things with their minds.
So they'll start with
something very simple,
like moving a very small
feather put on the floor.
And one child after
the other will
take a turn of focusing
their eyes on that feather
and seeing if they can
move the feather just
by thinking of it's moving.
When they are all able to move
the feather with their minds,
then they're given the task
of moving a piece of paper
with their minds.
And when they've
accomplished that,
they may be given the
task of moving a paper
clip, and gradually, a
pencil and objects gradually
that are a bit heavier and
more difficult to move simply
by looking at it and
focusing their mind on it.
Then as these children
get older and have
more extraterrestrial
experiences,
then they are often downloaded
with very interesting
information, sometimes
when they're on the ship
and sometimes when they're
asleep or even driving
in a car.
Anyway, being rather quiet
and not talking with somebody.
So that downloading seems
to be happening a lot.
I know of some adults
who are engineers,
and when they are busy
working on a highly technical
engineering project,
they are receiving
downloads of the information
into their brains.
And we also know
of the rare person
who works in very complicated
engineering projects involving
space travel and all kinds of
difficult challenges like that,
and they are downloaded
by another person
in the room, who may be
actually an extraterrestrial.
And those human looking
extraterrestrials
give the engineer
just the missing piece
that they're needed
for that invention
that they're busy trying
so hard to figure out.
So that brings up another
aspect that we believe
that there are some
beings from other planets
who look very human and doing
some very intelligent jobs
amongst us.
In addition to knowing about
many, many different procedures
that these beings do with
the people they have taken,
they also have a reproduction
program going on.
That is, a program of
creating hybrid babies who
grew up to be hybrid
children, and then
eventually hybrid adults.
So we're talking about
extraterrestrial hyphen human
hybrid beings.
The beings start up
by creating hybrids
who are one-half
extraterrestrial and one-half
human, and then they want to
create further generations
of those hybrids.
So there are these
different stages of hybrids.
We have the very early
stages, half ET, half human,
and then a middle
stage where there's
more human component
involved, and then
we have late stage hybrids,
who seem to be mostly human,
but they still do
have a good portion
of extraterrestrial in them.
And some of those hybrids,
as far as we can tell,
do live on Earth.
Cynthia, one of our
hybrids, I never
saw her change into her
full reptilian form,
but we were having
a conversation
with a few other people,
and I said, Cynthia,
do you feel anything
different about your eyes?
And she said, oh,
yeah, well, I feel
a little pressure in my eyes.
Why do you ask?
And I said, because
I'm seeing them change
into the vertical
slits because she
had reptilian genetics in her.
And she said, oh, good, and
she rushed into the ladies room
so she could look in
the mirror and see
that happening for herself.
The earlier stage hybrids
cannot live on Earth
because they're
not human enough,
and they would not be able
to withstand our bacteria
and our viruses.
Nor would they be accepted
very well by human beings
because they really look
substantially different.
They would probably be
considered rather freakish,
so they do not come here.
They remain on their
ships, sometimes
they're actually
helping with procedures
that the other beings are doing.
Sometimes my clients
in regression work
have said that they
are in a spacecraft
with the
extraterrestrials, and they
will see in the background,
maybe across the room,
they will see people that
look human at first glance,
and they'll think, oh, good,
there's some other people here.
I'm not the only one amongst
these unusual looking beings.
And then when they
look more closely
at what they thought
were human beings,
they realize, hm, they're
a little different.
They're not maybe quite
human and those are actually
the hybrids it turns out.
So there is a very
vast hybrid program
going on between
extraterrestrial beings
and human beings.
We might wonder, well, who are
the humans involved in this?
In other words, a
way to think of it
is, who are the parents
of these hybrid beings?
It's not just anybody that
this seems to happen to.
The beings seem to be very
interested in certain families.
They like to follow a
genetic line from generation
to generation.
So an individual
in life who comes
to the realization at
some point or other
that they are having
these experiences,
they may not have
really been aware
that anyone else
in their family,
any of those generations, have
been having experiences too.
But when they start
really thinking about it,
they think, well, my mother used
to talk about having nightmares
of unusual beings in the room.
And if that mother
is still living
and the person starts
asking questions,
they might conclude after
a while that, oh, I see.
I never knew it
before, but my mother
has been having these
counter experiences also.
The same with
grandparents or aunts
or uncles of the
experiencers, or the children
sometimes report being very
frightened during the night
or having somebody
come out of the closet.
They describe it as a
little man or a friend.
Sometimes children
like those visits
from the small
extraterrestrial beings,
or sometimes a
child would say, oh,
there's a monster in the
room, and they may call out.
But the parents may be
switched off, out of awareness,
and not even hear the
child calling out.
Or the parent might go into
the bedroom of the child,
and suddenly, that
being has disappeared.
It is thought sometimes that
maybe some of these beings
are interdimensional and
they can pop in quickly
from another dimension, then
they could equally quickly
pop out of our
physical dimension
and into their dimension, where
we don't see them anymore.
And many children remember
being taken aboard a craft
and being shown around
this miraculous place
with curved walls and round
rooms and unusual lighting.
One woman, whom I regressed
to when she was a child,
she was told if she was free to
walk along the hallways, which
were very large and curved,
but she was always told
don't ever touch the walls
because they would harm you.
They're full of so much energy,
and indeed, to the child,
it seemed like those
walls of the hallway
were alive in some way.
In fact, the whole
craft was alive.
The walls seemed to
have life in them,
and that's reported by a
number of adults as well.
So it can be a very exciting
experience to some children
and some children experience
it all in a very much
more frightening manner.
It seems quite a complex
process and yet it
works amazingly well.
So as I mentioned with
the little gray beings,
a number of the species will
take eggs from the human woman,
and they will do that
through the navel
or they just puncture through
the wall of the abdomen close
to the ovary and
remove the eggs.
Or sometimes they
remove the eggs
by going up through the
vagina and into the ovary.
And then males also
have these experiences
where sperm is removed from
them by the extraterrestrials
and used in creating
a hybrid mixed
with their genetic material.
And that again gets
implanted on another occasion
into a human woman, who
will gestate that embryo
for up to three months.
Sometimes a human male is
taken onboard the craft
and ushered into a room with
an extraterrestrial female
and they will mate together
and that female again
would have to have a womb and
the right apparatus internally.
She will carry
the baby full term
and give birth to that baby,
who will remain on the craft.
Sometimes a hybrid male will
mate with a hybrid female
so that offspring will
have a lot of hybrid in it
and even a little bit
more human component.
Another method is that
a human female will
be taken onto the
ship and she will
be artificially
impregnated with material
from an extraterrestrial.
Or in some cases, she'll be
impregnated with material
from a few extraterrestrials
so that hybrid will not only
be part ET but part a variety
of extraterrestrials and humans.
One of our hybrids has
said that the ETs have
contributed genetics from 89
different extraterrestrial
species.
Each of these hybrids became
a hybrid in a different way.
For instance,
Cynthia was created
because her father
was participating
in a special government
project where
they were experimenting
to see if they
could create ET human hybrids.
So this was definitely a
scientific experimentation.
So what this father
did was to drug
a mother on one
celebratory occasion,
and she became unconscious,
and he had arranged for her
to be taken, abducted,
by humans who
put a little embryo
into her body
that they had already made
up from eggs previously taken
from her ovaries and sperm
taken from him, the father,
and then a mixture of
about six different types
of extraterrestrial genetics.
I've known of cases too
with some of my clients
that a human woman would be
sleeping in her bed at night
and an extraterrestrial
male will come here
for a brief time,
visit her in the room,
coming right through the walls
or through the closed window,
and combines sexually
with her, and then she
becomes pregnant with
that hybrid embryo, which
is later taken by
those same beings
to be in the gestation
tank on the ship
and raised on the ship.
There have been quite
a number of reasons
given by the extraterrestrials
for why they create hybrids.
This material has all
come from the regressions
I've done with the experiencers
who have been involved
in the reproductive program.
So the first reason given
by a number of these species
is that they create
the hybrids in order
to save their dying
race, and they give
reasons for why they are dying.
One group said that they
have become too inbred
with their own kind,
and therefore, they've
been weakened by
all that inbreeding.
So that's gone on for thousands
of years, maybe even millennia,
for all we know.
And some of these
beings say that they
can no longer reproduce.
Their females have
become infertile
over very long periods of time.
So obviously, their race
is going to be dying out.
Some say that they
have lost their ability
to reproduce because they
have been harmed by radiation.
I don't mean from
nuclear bombs, but simply
from the radiation of traveling
through space, and bit by bit,
they get to irradiated to be
able to reproduce offspring.
One of the mistakes
that they made
was in doing a good deal
of genetic engineering
to tweak certain aspects
of their genetics.
They have done so much
cloning so frequently
over such a long period of
time that they have actually
lost the ability to
reproduce naturally.
They know that we humans
do reproduce naturally.
They would like to regain
that ability in their hybrids.
Some of the ETs have said
that they create hybrids
because they want
their beings to be
more substantial physically.
Some of them have become
very small, very thin,
very weakened, and they
see us human beings
as being much more hearty, much
more substantial, much more
muscly and able to do
so much more physically.
Some of the beings
have said that they
would like their hybrids to
have the component of emotion
that humans have to be
able to have compassion.
So many of those species have
nothing even vaguely resembling
what we experience as love.
So they may have
concern for each other,
especially for their
offspring, but they
don't experience what
they see that we have,
which we call love.
So another group
has said that they
would like to genetically
reincode humans
to live in more balanced ways.
By balanced ways, they mean
less hostile, less greedy,
less war-like and more
balanced, more kindly.
Another group of
beings said that they
are hoping to perpetuate
the human race in case
our planet becomes unlivable.
An electromagnetic
catastrophe will
happen on Earth resulting
from your negative technology
that you have already developed,
and it will be misused
and it will cause
wide spread disasters.
So you need hybrid
beings amongst you
who could carry on
living elsewhere.
Another group wanted
to create beings
who would be part human and
part extraterrestrial so
that these beings could
sometimes live on our planet
like ambassadors understanding
the extraterrestrials in a way
that we can't really
understand them
and also understanding humans.
ETs could not do that, but
hybrids big partly human
would be more likely
to be able to be
here long enough
for periods of time
to sort of ease
into human society.
Not to take over human
society, but to live amongst us
and really experience what
that's like by staying here
for long periods of time.
So there's no doubt
about the fact
that these hybrids are here
for benevolent service.
Yes, there are very wonderful
benevolent species out there,
as well as some of the
species that come here
and that are more self-serving.
But these hybrids
come from the really
benevolent, highly-evolved,
spiritually-oriented beings,
and they would like
to see us evolve
enough to justify being
members of the great galactic
community.
So how do humans react
to having hybrid babies
and hybrid children?
That varies a lot.
Some women, when
they are presented
with a hybrid baby
onboard the craft
and told that it's
their baby, they're
horrified because it
looks very strange.
It doesn't look like
a normal human baby.
They just don't want
anything to do with it.
And yet, always the
extraterrestrials
insist that the woman would hold
that baby and nurture the baby,
and hopefully even
love the baby.
Some women are horrified,
but some women actually
take to that quite naturally.
They have a lot of
maternal instinct,
and even though
the baby looks may
be sickly or not quite right or
not attractive enough, not cute
like our babies
do, that she'll be
able to really feel a loving
feeling and nurturing feeling
and hold and rock the baby,
and really give it some love.
And it's explained
to these women
that these hybrid infants
have to have some love
and nurturing from
a human mother
because without that they
just would not survive.
Apparently, there were a
number of experimentations
with having hybrid
babies, and they did not
make any effort to have the
human mother come on board
and nurture the baby, and
those hybrid babies all died.
And it's the same with
men too, that they
want the little hybrid
child to at least have
a sense of a human father,
somebody else really related
to them from the
human population.
Because, after
all, these hybrids
are going to grow up
on the ship and know
only the extraterrestrials
who are on that ship.
And some mothers are
shown their hybrid baby,
and they love the
hybrid baby, even
though the baby looks quite
unusual from our point of view.
And they continue to have
visits with the hybrid baby.
Some women I know have
hybrid children who
are as old now as in their 20s.
And on occasion, the woman is
taken and still has a chance
to know that hybrid child.
Now some of those
mothers really want
to have these further
abductions so that they
can see the hybrid child again.
And some of these mothers
have many hybrid children.
I know a woman who has
34 hybrid children.
She did not even know until
she was told that in one
of the encounter experiences.
Another woman I
know has been told
that she has 22 hybrid children,
and these two women really
wish that they could have
those children on Earth
or at least see them frequently
and sort of follow them
through their growing
up experiences.
We interviewed nine people who
we understood were hybrids.
Some of them actually have
some physical differences
from the rest of us humans.
For instance, one of the
hybrids has a different bone
consistency.
It's much harder and
firmer, tougher, stronger
than our bones.
Another one has a
different blood type
that the rest of us
humans don't have.
Two of them have different
internal organs that
are misplaced in their bodies.
In other words, organs
that would usually
be in the lower abdomen are now
up here in the chest somewhere.
In one case, the hybrid
woman has thumbs that
really spread out at the end.
So the points of the
thumbs were much wider
than any of the thousands
of the rest of us.
People who hear about
these hybrids immediately
want to know, oh, have they
been genetically tested?
These particular
hybrids have so far
declined to be genetically
tested, primarily because all
of the genetic testing
labs are mandated
to send the results
of each genetic test
to a particular department
of our government.
So all of our
hybrids, who we know,
always felt very, very different
from everybody around them.
Even different from everybody
in their own family.
They always felt like they
were from somewhere else.
They were from out
there somewhere.
That their real
family was out there
rather than their Earth
mother and father,
and these people were
frequently having contacts
with their
extraterrestrial beings,
whom they have the genetics of.
So in other words, a
way we could think of it
was that they had many, many ET
visits here and many abductions
to the spaceships.
But they didn't think
of them as abductions
because they felt
like the beings who
came for them and the beings
on the ships they were taken to
were their true family.
So they became aware
of their ET lineage.
That is, they were told by
their extraterrestrial beings
that in many, many,
many lifetimes,
they had already been
those species of beings.
They had been extraterrestrials.
Most of these
hybrids are a mixture
of more than one
extraterrestrial species.
So a hybrid isn't just like part
hybrid, part gray alien or part
human and part
Andromedan, but they
might be quite a different
grouping of beings
all in one with the
predominant one big human.
So in some ways, there are
some real disadvantages
of being a hybrid on Earth.
Often, these hybrids
have allergies
to different foods and different
substances that we have here,
and that's from the
extraterrestrial component.
Some of them have immune system
problems, respiratory problems.
They often have boundary issues.
In other words, it's
difficult for them
to let other humans get
really, really close to them.
Some of them have needed
repeated encouragement
to go ahead and use
their psychic skills
and their telepathic
skills and their healing
skills, because they know that
certain people around them
just think they're weird or
that they're uncomfortable.
Sometimes they
have the difficulty
of being harassed by
unmarked helicopters.
Some of them have visits
from men in black,
which they do not welcome.
Some of them are taken
to underground bases,
and they have testing
done with them
in a variety of different ways.
And they're very,
very sensitive to what
goes on in the world, especially
all the negative things.
They just don't understand
why people lie to each other
or why they hurt
each other or why
there are wars between
one country and another,
why everything is so divided.
Why we have polarities,
different political parties,
one country lording it
over another country.
Even at school, you have the
good students and the slower
students and you have the
popular kids and the left out
kids.
I mean, it just
goes on and on when
you think of almost every
aspect of our human life,
and these hybrids always thought
that's so wrong because they
have learned from their
extraterrestrial beings
that all of us are one.
But there are also
many blessings
that they consider about
being a hybrid on Earth.
These hybrids are very
intelligent, intuitive,
very psychic, and they all have
a much broader appreciation
and understanding
of the whole cosmos.
Their scope is so much more
enormous than most of ours is,
and they like having the special
abilities to help other people.
Some of them are very
good at medical intuition
and knowing totally
accurately what's
going on inside
somebody's body and what
a certain problem is all about.
And then they can
use their skills
to heal that other person.
They enjoy their telepathic
skills sometimes, too.
Being able to do special
things like move things
with their minds
and levitate things,
and they don't do it in
front of most people,
but they're fortunate that they
have a friend whom they can
freely use those skills with.
Some of them had
animal communications,
telepathic communication, being
able to communicate things
to the animal and hear back
accurately from the animal.
A couple of them had the
ability of bi-location,
being in different
places at the same time.
Each of these hybrids
has had the experiences
of astral traveling, which
has seemed very natural out
of the body experiences,
and they went far and wide,
even to other dimensions
and to other planets
and other spaceships in some
of their astral travels.
And then some of
them shape shift.
They really completely
throughout their whole bodies
change form.
Some of them do
channeling, some of them
even channel from
deceased persons
bringing useful messages
through from the departed.
The common mission that they
all have has a few components.
One is to help humanity
to be aware of the reality
of extraterrestrial beings.
Probably it's fair to say
that most humans do not
understand or believe
or trust that there
are extraterrestrial
beings of different types
in the universe.
Part of their mission is to
help people become acquainted
with that part of reality
that the others do exist
and that the others come here
for brief periods of time.
They are here to help
understand that there
is a multitude of
extraterrestrial beings,
not just the little green
men that people talk about,
or the little gray aliens, but
many, many different types.
They like to have
people begin to know
about interdimensional
beings, and many
of what we consider
extraterrestrials
certainly seem to
be interdimensional.
In other words, they can appear
to be solid and physical,
and then sometimes they
seem to just to retreat
into a different dimension,
and we cannot see them at all.
Some of them do very
accurate channeling
of extraterrestrial beings and
giving us a lot of perspective
from the extraterrestrial's
points of view.
Perspective on all of
reality and also about what's
happening on Earth.
And they are here to
help inspire humans
to protect each other and to
help to protect and preserve
all life on Earth, as well as
to preserve the Earth itself.
So these hybrids
are here to help
to raise human consciousness.
Even the late wonderful
Dr. John Mack,
psychiatrist at Harvard
University and teacher
of psychiatrists, who did
so much wonderful regression
work with experiences of
extraterrestrial contact
and brought that into many
more people knowing about it,
he said something very
important I think.
After destruction of
the Earth and of humans,
hybrids will be placed in groups
in many parts of the Earth
to live as a new civilization
with a new system of knowledge
and ways from another world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]